Yes indeed. Thou wouldst make a good fool.
Half-blooded fellow, yes.
Yes, faith. I pray weep not.
No, I say.
I say yea.
No, no, they would not!
Yes, they have.
By Jupiter, I swear no!
By Juno, I swear ay!
Yes, sir, but anger hath a privilege.
Yes, madam, he was of that consort.
yes, that on every dream,
Yes, forsooth, I will hold my tongue.
My master calls me; I must not say no.
No, my good lord; I am the very man-
A most toad-spotted traitor. Say thou 'no,'
No, no, no, no! Come, let's away to prison.
No, by mine honour, madam.
No cause, no cause.
No, do thy worst, blind Cupid!
No, truly.
No, my good lord;
No more! The text is foolish.
No words, no words! hush.
No more of that.
No, I will be the pattern of all patience; I will say nothing.
No, do not.
The terrors of the earth! You think I'll weep. No, I'll not weep.
No, but not yet!
You beastly knave, know you no reverence?
No, lad; teach me.
Ay, and laying autumn's dust.
Ay, so I think.
Ay, my good lord.
Ay, good my lord.

Yes, the one unmistakable, incontestable manifestation of the Divinity is the law of right and wrong...
Yes, all the newspapers do say the same thing.
Yes, you would kill them.
Yes, what I know, I know not by reason, but it has been given to me, revealed to me, and I know it with my heart, by faith in the chief thing taught by the church.
yes, the deceitfulness of intellect. The cheating knavishness of intellect, that’s it
Yes, I must make it clear to myself and understand.
Yes, yes, good-bye!
Yes, only be like your father, only like him.
Yes, I will arrange it.
Yes, yes, sh—sh—sh——
Yes, as a weapon I may be of some use. But as a man, I’m a wreck.
Yes; but you might find it easier to get into relations, which are after all essential, with anyone prepared to see you.
Yes, hers was the fitting end for such a woman. Even the death she chose was low and vulgar.
Yes, after his misfortune, what was there for him to do?
Yes, so I heard.
Yes, you artillerymen especially are scarce there.
Yes, perhaps, if it happens so.
Oh, yes, of course.
Yes, princess.
“Yes, that’s what I expected!” she said to herself with an evil smile.
Yes, I’m very much worried, and that’s what reason was given me for, to escape; so then one must escape...
Yes, there was the triumph of success in him.
Yes; what was the last thing I thought of so clearly?
Yes, I must go quickly.
Yes, that’s the truth!
Yes, there’s something unusual about her today.
Yes, you are changed.
Yes, I’m losing everything.
Yes, I mustn’t think, I must do something, drive somewhere, and most of all, get out of this house.
Yes, that’s just what we are talking about.
Yes; but he says he has not been able to come at anything yet. He has promised a decisive answer in a day or two.
Yes, to die!
Yes ... oh, no, wait a minute!
Yes, we must go.
Yes, but faith without works is dead.
Yes, a misfortune which has proved the highest happiness...
Yes, undoubtedly so, but there is such a difference of convictions, and besides....
Yes, but in debt.
Yes, pity on her.
Yes, but I lay down another principle, embracing the principle of freedom.
Yes, that’s very true.
Well, yes! If that were all!
Yes, but I can’t help it; I couldn’t do it.
Yes, isn’t it extraordinarily fine?
Yes; you’ve race horses too, haven’t you?
Oh, yes, indeed!
Yes, and indeed it’s time to start.
Yes, you do doubt it. You are vexed, I see.
Yes, it is keenly exciting.
Yes, but you don’t reckon your own work.
Yes, it’s a dirty business, there’s no denying.
Yes, if possible.
Yes, it’s much cleaner.
Yes, there’s something of a sophistry about that.
Yes, you feel it, but you don’t give him your property,
Yes, that may all be very true and clever.
Yes, come along, come along!
Yes; but we’ll reserve ourselves; besides it’s hot.
Yes, and such a charming one!”
Yes, really, let’s not go to bed at all! Capital!
Yes, at a walking pace, princess.
Yes, they draw away all the sap and give a false appearance of prosperity.
Yes, there’s a wonderful mastery!
Yes, with a cuttlefish!
Yes, you have conquered me, and I am yours.
Yes, I forgive you; but it’s terrible!
Yes, but a man can’t nurse a baby.
Oh, yes, that’s the best method!
Yes, but what is his energy directed to?
Yes, you only think of yourself!
Yes, a dream.
Yes, it’s better so.
Yes; but I can’t help it.
Yes, I thought the same not long ago, but now I know I shall soon be dead.
Yes; I had no idea it would be so thrilling.
Yes, vile, base creature!
Yes, it’s very wrong.
Yes, time will pass; time, which arranges all things, and the old relations will be reestablished
Yes, but still all this has to be looked after, and who is there to look after it?
Yes, it ought to be tried.
No, I don’t feel hungry even.
Yes, it’s very pleasant.
Yes, I admit it.
Yes, everything’s brought to such a pitch of perfection nowadays.
Yes, it’s settled. The price is magnificent.
Yes, it’s time.
Yes, but wait a bit.
Oh, yes, you fancy!
Yes, you’re done for.
Maybe so; but anyway it’s a pleasure such as I have never known in my life.
Maybe it will be fine.
Maybe. But still it’s queer to me,
Perhaps. But you remember what I’ve said to you. And another thing, women are all more materialistic than men.
Perhaps that is true for you, but not for everyone.
Perhaps it may all be very good.
Perhaps not.
No, I’d better not speak of it.
No; did I say that? I only said I was disappointed.
No, by God, I haven’t the faintest idea!
No one is interested in that now, and I less than anyone,
Oh, no!
No, this is becoming unbearable!
No, I believe it won’t be just yet.
No, I can’t stand it!
Oh, no, it’s all so sketchy.
No, extremes are not good in anything.
No, nothing will happen, and don’t think about it.
No, I shan’t be dull.
No, I don’t know; it’s not right.
No, how’s one to sleep!
No, excuse me, that’s a paradox.
No, that’s unfair.
No, why should you?
No, I’m busy.
No, a thing. Run along, run along.
No. Just look at him.
No, what is to be done!








